oh
so bored
i know
i'll do some tech news
shut up riley in 2015 google
restructured itself to be just one of
many subsidiaries under a new parent
company alphabet inc alphabet was headed
up by google's co-founders while google
was now led by the former head of
android jesus well now they're basically
the same again larry page and sergey
brin the now former ceo and president of
alphabet respectively have stepped down
while google's ceo sundar pizzai has
stepped up to also fill the role of
alphabet's new ceo in a blog post paige
and brin say that going forward pichai
will lead google and manage alphabet's
other subsidiaries so it's it's all
google again kind of it's not clear
whether the change will make all of
alphabet's various projects make more or
less sense i mean the company is so
confused that they just made google
photos into a chat app and
what is youtube music what is wrong with
google play music i just i feel like i'm
taking crazy pills a less interesting
company qualcomm has announced
just joking qualcomm has announced some
new mobile tech at the company's annual
snapdragon tech summit the successor to
the ubiquitous snapdragon 855 is
the snapdragon 865. man i was hoping to
have my expectations severed there but
the 865 will of course be faster more
efficient than the 855 but will also
have 5g connectivity thanks to new x55
modem inside of it but the more
interesting announcement from yesterday
might be the low powered 765. unlike the
865 the 765 has its x52 modem directly
integrated into the chip ensuring better
power management and wider distribution
of 5g tech among mid-range or budget
phones there's also a 765 g variant
which will apparently have better
performance in games that's the g stands
for
uh
for games okay
but the event wasn't all chip
announcements qualcomm also showed its
second gen fingerprint scanner called 3d
sonic max because it's bigger and you
can put two thumbs on it really
so if you get captured by the mafia and
they cut off both your thumbs and you're
you're not a happy guy anymore
who has two thumbs and is happy right
now
not this guy but you know what's not
smart potentially buying a folding phone
from famed drug lord pablo escobar's
brother roberto escobar this reads like
an snl skit but apparently it's real
escobar inc is selling what looks like a
modified version of the royal flexpi
folding tablet thing that we saw at ces
last year for a measly 349 us dollars
and it's even got decent specs with a
snapdragon 855 six or eight gigabytes of
ram 128 gigabytes of storage with a
micro sd card slot cha-ching and a 4 000
milliamp hour battery honestly the
sketchiest thing about this phone is
just the marking that they're using to
sell it which involves a healthy dose of
gold guns and models in lingerie very
cool i i think i think i've already
ordered one actually
oh does it come with the gold
no gold okay now it's time for the quick
bits brought to you by freshbooks cloud
accounting solution freshbooks mobile
app allows you to work anywhere so you
can create professional looking invoices
on the go snap pictures of your receipts
and stay on top of important
conversations plus you'll never miss an
update with the ability to see when a
client has viewed their invoice or when
an invoice has become overdue and it's
time to chop off some thumbs
this again don't do that but do start
your 30 day trial right now at
freshbooks.com forward slash tech link
check it out at the link below hey come
on i need some beats in here
the latest problem users are having with
macbook pros has nothing to do with the
keyboard imagine that some 13-inch
macbook pros from 2019 are shutting down
when they reach 50 battery and apple has
now acknowledged the issue telling
affected users to run their laptop
battery to below 90 percent plug it in
quit all open apps then let the machine
sleep and charge it for only at least
eight hours then spin around in the
bathroom here saying bloody mary three
times what is this apparently if they
have no idea whether or not that will
work then they're just throwing stuff in
the wall to see if it sticks
multiple rumors have pointed to the
upcoming samsung galaxy s11 having the
ability to record 8k video for some
reason xda developers have found
reference to the feature a short while
ago and now inside sources have told sam
mobile that it's legit plus the new
snapdragon 865 supports 8k videos so i
guess next year we won't need red
cameras at all
what do you think david
whatever researchers that mit have
developed an ai system called adept
which you could also read as adept it
can understand some laws of physics in
the same way as a human infant a child
it's even able to register surprise when
a virtual object disappears unexpectedly
or passes through another object i want
a baby robot i want a baby robot yoda
you can just turn them off
china isn't known for loving gaming
consoles but that could change as
nintendo has partnered with chinese
gaming mega company tencent to launch
what is officially called the 10 cent
nintendo switch
official mainland china version for the
equivalent of 300 us dollars
even when they launch a two and a half
year old console in a country that hates
consoles nintendo keeps the same price
tag and for that i respect the bastards
and we can't talk about china without
talking about huawei who is apparently
entering the desktop pc market with a
motherboard designed to run the
company's arm powered
kang pen
kung kun peng
processors the board has decent
connectivity options including ddr4
dimms and pci 3.0 slots and between this
development and huawei's new mate 30 pro
having no us components it seems like
huawei is sitting pretty trade war no
you go huawei just
stay away from me and it's time for me
to stay away from you the audience at
least until the next episode anyway come
back on friday for more tech news
hopefully the restraining order is
lifted by then
for you you can get closer to me at that
point
stay if i i would take a step back you
come forward one let's do it like we're
have a
tethered penis